Hey guys welcome back to the chorus.
OK.
Over the last bunch of lectures I've told you about different tools and platforms you can use to come
up with different content ideas.
Well I've got one more for you and I'd like to tell you about a site called Corra not spelled c r a.
Q You are a now Corra dot com is a Web site where people can go and ask questions about literally anything.
Then other people answer those questions.
Presumably people who know the answer to the question and the best answers get voted so they followed
up to the top of the page.
Now some of these questions.
Lots of responses and some get none.
And then there's plenty of them that fall somewhere in the middle.
At its best Couric and feel like virtual consulting or the person answering the question not only gives
their answer but clarifies what the poster is looking for provides answers with context and even sprinkles
in some experience advice.
The best answers come in many forms because the questions do too but you'll know an answer is good when
it gets lots of votes.
What we're interested in is content creators or marketers whatever you want to call your role here is
finding ideas for creating content that our audience will obviously be interested in.
Now all the questions asked on Quora or organized into topics and people interested in that topic we'll
follow it by clicking a button perhaps you can see where I'm going with this.
So what we can do first is find our relevant topic.
We'll see how many people are following it and see what people are asking the more questions they ask
and the more followers we see the more interest we can generally assume is in that topic.
Then we should check out the top questions within that topic group and consider if we can answer them
in an interesting original way or present a different perspective.
If so there's probably a good blog post idea that will generate some interest.
So find our topics.
Check out the questions and see if we can create something of our own out of them.
Sounds pretty easy.
All right let's try.
All right.
For example like in our Reddit lecture last time let's say you're a designer who works a lot in Photoshop.
OK you need some blog topics so here we go.
We're here we're in Corra and let's search for Photoshop at the top.
Now the Adobe Photoshop topic pops up and that looks good.
So let's click on that.
Now this topic has over 6000 questions and almost half a million followers which you can see really
over there on the right.
And that's that's a lot as we scroll down some of the first questions here are about what pictures look
photoshopped in and I'm not really interested in that personally right now.
But did you keep scrolling down a little bit more I can see questions like How can I get started.
Adobe Photoshop to create web graphics like this.
Now this guy posted a picture of the type of work he wants to do and clearly you know he's looking for
some advice.
I can also see the top answer has over 200 votes so that's probably worth checking out.
There's about forty one answers.
Now the best one here is from the.
Does going to be at the top.
It's from a web developer named Navman Namond if you're out there I'm sorry for mispronouncing your
name.
So the first thing Navman naman does and his answer is clarifying what it seems like the poster wants
to do based on the original picture in question Namond name in surmises that this guy wants to not only
learn Photoshop but specifically learn flat design.
Now once he establishes that the answerer adds a bunch of links to youtube channels and specific videos
that specialize in that specific design style then at the end he gives a little more advise and suggest
that illustrator might be a better tool for creating flat design elements versus Photoshop.
It has to do with being a vector based whereas Photoshop is raster based.
Whatever this is all good information.
Now again his answer is the top one here.
It's got to hurt folks.
We know that people generally like what he said so how can you use this Corra thread to create your
own content.
Well you know it gives you a question to consider and an answer that's been supported by multiple readers.
If you continue to browse answers you'll find some of them agree with the top post and a few others
offer some alternate places to learn Photoshop and Illustrator.
One way to use this Corra thread is to reformat the information and offer your own list of solutions.
You can write a blog post like a great video for learning Flash design doesn't have to be 8.
Just find some great videos and put that number in the title.
See that was pretty easy.
Or you could write how to modernize your design skills with flat design instead of of course assuming
like the guy who asked the original question that you need Photoshop to do flat design.
Let's focus on what flat design is and then worry about whether or not we're using the right tool.
Just like that top answer suggested.
So if you wrote this post you could use a few of the sources cited in the core answers and a few suggestions
of your own and if it makes sense suggest your own services in the process like.
Need more help.
Once someone designed design a flat design site for you.
Contact us today or whatever.
Put in a link and there you go.
Now by creating this post you delivered content people are interested in proven by the stats ancora
and you've given some legit answers helped by Corra but also your own knowledge and your own research.
And you've proven your own expertise in the process.
All because someone assume that you create flat design with Photoshop and someone else out there took
the time to explain how to really get it done.
So if you can find your topic ancora then go take a look at it go up let search bar at the top start
typing in it and see what you find.
Now there are other ways to find content on core just like Google.
You can search for a question.
In fact since Chora is all about asking questions is actually a good idea.
Try this.
If your audience has common questions about your topic.
For example Meteora a WordPress consultant.
If so start typing in how do I install WordPress on and then see what questions get auto completed.
Different platforms come up so you can see what people are looking for.
Maybe you can write a whole series of instillation how to articles for each platform.
I don't know I'm just spit balling or here's another example.
Maybe you built an app that helps you record phone calls and export them automatically to Dropbox.
You could simply start typing record phone calls and you'll see the questions that include those terms
like people asking for apps that do that.
An iPhone an Android where you might be able to do with this information is create a blog post that
appeals directly to people with those devices how to record your phone calls on an iPhone or record
and save phone calls on your Android device.
Those are some potential headlines.
All right now there's one more angle to core that makes it an interesting place to find content ideas
the community and more specifically the experts who contribute lots of great answers.
Now some industry professionals writers and other experts have contributed a lot of answers about the
topics they know.
So what you can do is find those contributors and see what they write about on Quora what they provide
usability testing services you don't know what that is.
Don't worry about it.
So you go to usability testing on a topic you click on the most viewed writers button and you see who
comes up.
This will then list out people with the most answer views in the last 30 days.
Now theoretically sure it could mean that they maybe they just write a lot more often than not the first
few people on that list are usually people who write a lot but also write good answers.
So let's go to the top result in this case that somebody named Ava and I are trying to pronounce that
last name.
Can I ask yes the whatever and click them to look at their bio.
Now do they look like a legit source of information.
Sometimes I know it's a little bit hard to know for sure but do they have an actual title like CMO or
engineer or a senior developer or do they list themselves as something vague like expert Jedi or Rockstar.
If they seem OK look for their most uploaded answers.
If they don't have anything over like a 1 or 2 vote kind of standard basically means they haven't really
added anything new or interesting yet.
So look for their top up vote it answers to different questions and read those.
Do they seem like good answers.
Does it seem like they know what they're talking about.
If you're in this industry like the usability consulting you'll probably know if they're writing something
valuable or just restating vague ideas this contributor looks like a good source.
You now have a list of recent answers to a relevant topic that you can mind to look for tips and advice.
Since they're on the most viewed writers list they've probably got a long list of potential topics you
can write about.
For example one of Eva's answers got up voted for this question.
What is the difference between user testing and user research.
This is certainly a question we get answer for our blog and we could use pieces of Avas response which
lists online resources where you can learn more.
Bingo.
So in the end Coridon column is pretty helpful for answering questions one of ours being.
What can we write about.
Research your topic.
Find those top questions look at the best responses and you might have your own angle you can create
for your own piece of content and searching questions and contributors can also help you uncover more
material that's worth covering.
So start digging around.
Have fun on that site.
One of my favorites.
And good luck.
I'll see in the next lecture.